1. Client-server model is a distributed computing architecture where tasks are divided between service providers (servers) and service requesters.

2. Centralized Data management, Improved security, Resource sharing.

3. A thin client is a lightweight, low power, minimal Processing on client machine. Most work is done by the Server and not on the device itself.
    uses for a Thin client are Web applications like Google docs, cloud-based email clients Etc..

A thick client is a Desktop with high power hardware in it, Uses more power and can do all the processing in house (on device) This makes it more powerful and better for offline work
    Uses of a Thick client are Adobe photoshop, native Video games, Video editing

4. There are many good reasons to use a client server architecture, But these come with massive risks.
The issue with a client server architecture is The cost and reliability. If the Server Goes down or breaks anyone trying to work wont be able to, 
this is because the resources they may want are being run on the server without the server it all falls apart
Another issue with the Client server architecture is The cost to set it up. With a Cs architecture you need to buy a server and thin clients, a server can cost anywhere fro 2000+ for a half decent server
This is an issues as they may not want to spend that much money at the start.
A peer to peer architecture would be good because it uses multiple thick clients ranging from £300 - £1000 which are connected together, this forms the communication between everything and allows one to host a service that another can use
This is cheaper to build and maintain and would be the better option for a smaller company 

5. Using a Client server architecture for a College is a great idea.
Using a Client server architecture will allow the It Admins to control the network allowing them to setup services on servers.
The ability to run services will allow them to setup an authentication system that is run in building so it can be offline, and secure.
This will also allow them to setup a Storage server/ NAS. As long as the hardware is good and has 2-4 10Gb/s ports should allow all 300 users to access data.
This will be reliable as it will have 20 - 40Gb/s of transfer speed, the drives will be in a raid allowing for some drives to fail and still keep the data.
This also gives Centralised control allowing the whole system to be controlled from the server.

The only downsides to this is the cost.
It will cost allot of money to get the server and hardware needed for all this and the college may not have enough money to setup and maintain the system
You will need to run wires, APs, Switches adn more. This will cost a lot to implement, if your server breaks its going to cost allot to replace or repair it.
